So... those #StarTrekOnline ideas...

1) There is a(n) NPC, Malcolm Sissel, helps you a little bit. Front and center
of the ESD main dock and thus easy to find. Never leaves... just in case you
need some information repeated. Basic information.

How about after you know what The Sissel NORMALLY tells you... or just check in
again... how about a second option... right on their menu:

"What vessels are in Dock, again?" OR "Who am I looking at in the dock there?"

Wait? Who = Vessel? Yes. "The Enterprise is a beauty she is." That speaks
volumes about 'Who' not 'It' per 'Western Naval Tradition'. [Not sure who needed
to hear that there, but there are people who have never seen a funnel, and yet
live in first world countries with the latest phone. I'm not taking my chances.]

Lets move on.

Now when you click the option... it shows a simple menu with each vessel on its
own line. Click a name, and it pops up a Rotating 3D model just like when
requisitioning vessels, with a little 'Show Details' widget. Love this new
feature in the various stores.

[Is it new? Dunno. I have been playing since practically BETA and save a big gap
where I had no PC access to play the game at all... so if it is post-Covid till
December 2023... might have missed it through no fault of my own. Been back for
a year now. Still have not caught up on all the GUI updates and changes.]

2) Speaking of catching up... the lockboxes could use a place where you can 'sit
down' and look at all the ships... without digging through 4-15 years of news
posts to find the imagery for every vessel. So... a new or reused NPC
somewhere... hmmm...

Then I saw it.

In the ESD ship related section I found a nice chair (on the left side if the
waterfall is behind you and the Dock View before you) with a tripad of some
variety built in to a little side table. <picture>

And I thought... why not something as simple and unobtruive as these little
tripads?

Sure there are the pop-up panels if you walk near them and the MAIL and CARGO
kiosks.

But this is something entirely for 'Hey I am going over here and stare at
shippies I would LOVE to eventually fly'. Now while the Minimap has a boat load
of widgets crowding around it... the game always feels best when there is an IN-
Game *AND* an IN-Menu option.

Right click your Lobi crystal, OR fly to Drozana... if you have none. Bingo.

Click the minimap widget for Dilithium, or In your inventory click the Assets
tab, and the Dilithium Widget therein. Bango.

You might ask "Why not just slap it on your Shuttle or Ready Room SOCIAL SPACE?"
Because those are private social spaces. And a loading screen away. Even then
you are trudging around your vessel.

I am hammering this point. Sorry.

Lockboxes need a Ship-pedia. A little 3D panning ship and Ship Details Widget
for all vessels. On the lockbox, and somewhere else. Not asking for a full
fledged museam. Just a barebones IN Menu A and a barebones IN Game B. If nothing
else so all factions have access to this resource.

As not every faction has The Sissel, or an ESD to have them stand in to tell you
about ship repair and swapping.

3) We mentioned ship interior social spaces.... how about a holodeck option to
load each PRIMARY layout. like say you have 4 layouts... Acolyte, Adherent,
Commander, Chaplain. The A's here are both the same layout but different colors.
So get one holodeck option. the Commander and Chaplain while the same the
Chaplain has  special office for ship's chaplain.

Thus 3 layout options with one just having the Chaplain's office... then you can
go in, walk around and decide 'oh yeah. I want the Acolyte layout... but I need
the Chaplain's office. Hmm.' you go into the Chaplains office and it says which
layouts have that office. You find "Burin" an Adherent Color scheme Acolyte
layout... which is an unlock as reward for playing with the ship layout system.
Now you go over to ship customization and Burin is there ready for you to select
it and apply it to your vessel.

Really just to get you the player invested in ship interiors ... even if just to
find the more compact and feature rich one you can. Or conversely help you find
that specific layout from that one or two off quest destination vessel thaat you
loved wandering around.

Could this be a lead over to The Foundry? I dunno. Just noticed I had access to
more or renamed layouts and thought... "Well what's this then? Do I *have* to
change, load-in-and-wander-around, hate-it, and repeat until I find the right
one? Man."

4) IF I am recalling correctly there was a subquest to help test changes to a
holodeck system on the Bajor Quest Space. While I would LOVE a proper "Hey I
wanna test this load out in safety, and right NOW." holodeck, I know some would
never play the game otherwise. They'd just load up things they do or don't have,
and simulate all day long. This is an addiction seen in some who play another
space game, StarSector. Still I would like some kind of target practice for
ground and space combat simulation. The heat of a timed seasonal event is not
the time to need to adjust your gameplay and display options. [See the part
where I say it's been a hot minute since I last had continous access]

5) I tailor my in game distractions regularly... dragging this window larger,
this one has-to-be-smaller-I-swear-to-Q, and I find it kinda messy to try to
reset them back to default... or worse... when I change characters and none of
those chaanges are on my Engineer captain. Granted the other is Science (for
this example), and they don't need 100% parity... but... import/export might be
nice. I'm probably the only one wanting it.


So yeah. Five things it might be nice to see in #StarTrekOnline from this zany
guy over here. Considering all the changes that have happened over the course of
the game... kinda surprised some things have never happened. These are my
thoughts.

I'm done here so... COMPUTER, Remove podium.